yo your nuclear right I'm from North
Carolina
you play ball Mike I play baseball my
name is Mike
Big Mike in the wood Oh what's the wood
it's not what you think it is nice
Inglewood California my boys we roll in
and sling well I never thought I see
that they roll and get married maybe we
got three hours to this wedding kicks
off like a man
get back in that coffin like you did in
high school
hey Mike I dare you to grab a boozy I
won't give you $1 remember the best
[Music]
thing about all the school dances I used
to have
[Applause]
[Music]
manhandle responsibilities don't wanna
be wondering what if if you didn't want
to get married you should man these I
love don't wanna marry you go away from
me man females get away too much power
[Music]
I'm not ready is this supposed to look
like that what you're doing you don't
think I'm gonna give it up after one
week the jobs over pass the clothes yeah
yeah clothes back in the days when I was
young I'm not a kid anymore but some
days I said in wish I was a kid again
back in the days when I was young I'm
not a kid anymore but some days I said
in wish I was a kid again
back in and she plays his cat wishing
like honey I'm glad you got some good
friends yeah yeah
[Music]